Clarify Entra ID SCIM license mapping is possible but unsupported (#9866)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/platform/manage-access/scim-faq.md

SCIM-native license mapping (using a SCIM attribute) is supported for Okta only. For Okta license mapping setup, refer to [Manage user licenses with SCIM](/docs/platform/manage-access/scim-manage-user-licenses).

> SCIM license mapping with Entra ID may be possible using custom attributes, depending on your Entra ID configuration. Because this setup varies by environment, we don't provide a standard configuration or troubleshooting guidance for it &mdash; **do it at your own risk**.

Author: ```suggestion
SCIM license mapping with Entra ID _may_ be possible using custom attributes, depending on your Entra ID configuration. Because this setup varies by environment, we don't provide a standard configuration or troubleshooting guidance for it. **Use this approach at your own risk.**
```

> SCIM license mapping with Entra ID _may_ be possible using custom attributes, depending on your Entra ID configuration. Because this setup varies by environment, we don't provide a standard configuration or troubleshooting guidance for it. **Use this approach at your own risk.**

Author: ```suggestion
SCIM license mapping with Entra ID _may_ be possible using [custom attributes](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/fundamentals/custom-security-attributes-overview), depending on your Entra ID configuration. Because this setup varies by environment, we don't provide a standard configuration or troubleshooting guidance for it. **Use this approach at your own risk.**
```
